[Doc] Improve description of rbac tab, panel, section, and step (#9030)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/AuthRBAC.md

Replacement for the `<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>` that only renders a tab if the user has the right permissions.

Add a `name` prop to the `<Tab>` so you can reference it in the permissions.  
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<Tab>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'read', resource: '{RESOURCE}.tab.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<Tab>`.

> > For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<Tab label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.description' }`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<Tab label="Description" name="description">` in `products` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.description' }`. 
```

Replacement for the `<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>` that only renders a tab if the user has the right permissions.

> Add a `name` prop to the `<Tab>` to define the resource on which the user needs to have the 'read' permissions for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `name` prop to the `<Tab>` so you can reference it in the permissions.
```

> Then, to display a particular `<Tab>` update permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'read', resource: '${resource}.tab.${source}' }`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<Tab>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'read', resource: '{RESOURCE}.tab.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<Tab>`.
```

> > For instance, to allow user access `<Tab label="Description" name="description">` in product resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.description' }`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<Tab label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.description' }`. 
```

### `<AccordionFormPanel>`

Replacement for the default `<AccordionFormPanel>` that only renders a section if the user has the right permissions.

Add a `name` prop to the `<AccordionFormPanel>` so you can reference it in the permissions.  
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<AccordionFormPanel>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'write', resource: '{RESOURCE}.panel.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<FormTab>`.

> > For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<AccordionFormPanel label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.panel.description' }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<AccordionFormPanel label="Description" name="description">` in `products` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.panel.description' }`.
```

### `<AccordionSection>`

Replacement for the default `<AccordionSection>` that only renders a section if the user has the right permissions.

Add a `name` prop to the `<AccordionSection>` so you can reference it in the permissions.  
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<AccordionSection>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'write', resource: '{RESOURCE}.section.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<AccordionSection>`.

> > For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<AccordionSection label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.description' }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<AccordionSection label="Description" name="description">` in `products` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.description' }`.
```

```
{% endraw %}

### `<LongForm.Section>`

Replacement for the default `<LongForm.Section>` that only renders a section if the user has the right permissions.
Use it with `<LongForm>` from `@react-admin/ra-enterprise` to only display the section the user has access to in the form.

Add a `name` prop to the `<LongForm.Section>` so you can reference it in the permissions.  
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<LongForm.Section>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'write', resource: '{RESOURCE}.section.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<LongForm.Section>`.

> > For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<LongForm.Section label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.description' }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<LongForm.Section label="Description" name="description">` in `products` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.description' }`.
```

        // 'products.description' is missing
        { action: 'write', resource: 'products.thumbnail' },
        // 'products.image' is missing

>         // note that the panel with the name 'description' will be displayed 
>         { action: 'write', resource: 'products.panel.description' },
>         // note that the panel with the name 'images' will be displayed 
>         { action: 'write', resource: 'products.panel.images' },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // note that the section with the name 'description' will be displayed 
        { action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.description' },
        // note that the section with the name 'images' will be displayed 
        { action: 'write', resource: 'products.section.images' },
```

```
{% endraw %}

### `<WizardForm.Step>`

Replacement for the default `<WizardForm.Step>` that only renders a step if the user has the right permissions.
Use it with `<WizardForm>` from `@react-admin/ra-enterprise` to only display the steps the user has access to in the stepper.

Add a `name` prop to the `<WizardForm.Step>` so you can reference it in the permissions.  
Then, to allow users to access a particular `<WizardForm.Step>`, update the permissions definition as follows: `{ action: 'write', resource: '{RESOURCE}.step.{NAME}' }`, where `RESOURCE` is the resource name, and `NAME` the name you provided to the `<WizardForm.Step>`.

> > For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<WizardForm.Step label="Description" name="description">` in `product` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.step.description' }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For instance, to allow users access to the following tab `<WizardForm.Step label="Description" name="description">` in `products` resource, add this line in permissions: `{ action: 'write', resource: 'products.step.description' }`.
```

const ProductCreate = () => (
    <Create>
        <WizardForm>

>             <WizardFormStep label="Description" name="description">

Reviewer: Please revert and remove the `WizardFormStep` import instead

Reviewer: Btw can you do the same for the `LongForm.Section`
